# cHoBi Dark Theme

toolbar:                            raised solid
toolbar.color:                      #111111

toolbar.button:                     parentrelative
toolbar.button.picColor:            lightgray
toolbar.button.pressed:             raised solid
toolbar.button.pressed.color:       #333333

toolbar.label:                      sunken
toolbar.label.color:                #111111
toolbar.label.textColor:            #DD0000

toolbar.windowLabel:                sunken
toolbar.windowLabel.color:          #111111
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:      #DD0000

toolbar.clock:                      sunken
toolbar.clock.color:                #111111
toolbar.clock.textColor:            #DD0000

toolbar.justify:                    Center

menu.title:                         raised
menu.title.color:                   #222222
menu.title.textColor:               red
menu.title.justify:                 center

menu.frame:                         flat solid bevel1
menu.frame.color:                   #111111
menu.frame.textColor:               lightgray
menu.frame.justify:                 left

menu.hilite:                        flat solid bevel1
menu.hilite.textColor:              darkred
menu.hilite.color:                  black

menu.bullet:                        triangle
menu.bullet.position:               right

window.title.focus:                 raised solid
window.title.focus.color:           #111111
window.title.unfocus:               raised solid
window.title.unfocus.color:         #111111

window.label.focus:                 sunken
window.label.focus.color:           #222222
window.label.focus.textColor:       red
window.label.unfocus:               raised solid
window.label.unfocus.color:         #111111
window.label.unfocus.textColor:     darkred

window.handle.focus:                flat solid
window.handle.focus.color:          darkred
window.handle.unfocus:              flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.color:        black

window.grip.focus:                  raised solid
window.grip.focus.color:            darkred
window.grip.unfocus:                flat solid
window.grip.unfocus.color:          black

window.button.focus:                parentrelative
window.button.focus.picColor:       red

window.button.unfocus:              parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.picColor:     darkred

window.button.pressed:              flat solid bevel2
window.button.pressed.color:        darkred

window.frame.focusColor:            darkred
window.frame.unfocusColor:          black

window.justify:                     center

borderColor:                        #DD0000

borderWidth:                        1
bevelWidth:                         1
handleWidth:                        3

*Font:                              nu
